# Exercise 3

#### Objective
Now let's start organizing things. In the first part of the exercise, we will incorporate in the "database" object, two methods: "createTable" and "execute". The "createTable" method has already been implemented in the previous exercise, just move the concepts and use this to reference the "tables" object. Be very careful with this step, do not try to move and change the behavior of the code at the same time, just focus on moving the code and make it work by invoking the createTable method directly.

In part 2, we will implement the "insert" method. For this, it is necessary to always extract the information from the command, convert the information into an object and insert into the "data" array of the corresponding table.

#### Instructions

Part 1

1. In the "database" object, create a function named "createTable", which receives the command by parameter.

Part 2

Given the commands: 

```sql
insert into author (name, age) values (Douglas Crockford, 62)
insert into author (name, age) values (Linus Torvalds, 47)
insert into author (name, age) values (Martin Fowler, 54)
```

1. In the "database" object, create a function named "insert", which receives the command by parameter
2. Within the "insert" function:
   The. Extract the table name, columns, and values
   B. Mount the object to be inserted
   w. Insert object
3. Now we have two commands: "createTable" and "insert". Create a function called "execute", responsible for calling the "createTable" or "insert" method, depending on the command

#### Scenario

```javascript
database.execute("create table author (id number, name string, age number, city string, state string, country string)");
database.execute("insert into author (id, name, age) values (1, Douglas Crockford, 62)");
database.execute("insert into author (id, name, age) values (1, Linus Torvalds, 47)");
```

#### Result

```javascript
{
  "tables": {
    "author": {
      "columns": {
        "id": "number",
        "name": "string",
        "age": "number",
        "city": "string",
        "state": "string",
        "country": "string"
      },
      "data": [{
        "id": "1",
        "name": "Douglas Crockford",
        "age": "62"
      }, {
        "id": "1",
        "name": "Linus Torvalds",
        "age": "47"
      }]
    }
  }
}
```

#### Tips

> Use a for, with index, to cycle through the array of columns and values at the same time. Use the push operation to include in the "data" array.

#### Content covered in this exercise

* Function
* for
* if
* Array.prototype.push
* String.prototype.startsWith
* this
* method
* Destructuring